Custom project request properties (axon server context) (#47)
AxonIQ/initializr: initializr-be/src/main/resources/configuration/axon-server/se/docker/README.md

## Running Axon Server SE in docker-compose

> * `docker/docker-compose.yml` you can start Axon Server with the "`docker-compose up`" command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `docker/docker-compose.yml` allows you to start Axon Server SE with the "`docker-compose up`" command
```
